Docs: Adding layout direction docs (#9141)
handsontable/handsontable: docs/next/guides/accessories-and-menus/keyboard-navigation.md

| <kbd>Arrow Down ↓</kbd> | <kbd>Arrow Down ↓</kbd> | Move to cell below the current active cell if exists |
| <kbd>Arrow Right →</kbd> | <kbd>Arrow Right →</kbd> | Move to the cell on the right side of the current active cell if exists |
| <kbd>Arrow Left ←</kbd> | <kbd>Arrow Left ←</kbd> | Move to the cell on the left side of current active cell if exists |

> | <kbd>Tab</kbd> | <kbd>Tab</kbd> | Move to the next cell (normally on the right side, unless the [layout direction](@/guides/accessories-and-menus/searching-values.md) is RTL) |
> | <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd> | <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd> | Move to the previous cell (normally on the left side, unless the [layout direction](@/guides/accessories-and-menus/searching-values.md) is RTL) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <kbd>Tab</kbd> | <kbd>Tab</kbd> | Move to the next cell (normally on the right side, unless the [layout direction](@/guides/internationalization/layout-direction.md) is RTL) |
| <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd> | <kbd>Shift</kbd> + <kbd>Tab</kbd> | Move to the previous cell (normally on the left side, unless the [layout direction](@/guides/internationalization/layout-direction.md) is RTL) |
```
